Psalm 148 praise the Lord praise the
Lord from the heaven praise Him in the
heights praise him all his angels praise
him all his hosts praise Him Sun and
Moon praise him all you stars of light
praise him you heavens of heavens and
you waters above the heavens let them
praise the name of the Lord for he
commanded and they were created he also
established them forever and ever
he made a decree which shall not pass
away
praise the Lord from the earth you great
sea creatures and all the depths fire
and hail snow
stormy winds filling his word mountain
and all hills fruitful trees and of
cedars beasts and all cattle creeping
things and flying foul kings of the
earth door peoples princes and all
judges of their both young men and
maidens old men and children let them
praise the name of the Lord for his name
alone was exalted his glory is above the
earth in heaven and he has exalted the
Horn of his people the praise of all his
saints of the children of Israel the
people near to him praise the Lord
[Music]